boards/nucleo-X: enable cpy2remed programmer (#18057)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/nucleo-f303k8/doc.txt

```
BOARD=nucleo-f303k8 make debug
```
### Flashing the Board Using ST-LINK Removable Media

On-board ST-LINK programmer provides via composite USB device removable media.
Copying the HEX file causes reprogramming of the board. This task
could be performed manually; however, the cpy2remed (copy to removable
media) PROGRAMMER script does this automatically. To program board in
this manner, use the command:
```
make BOARD=nucleo-f303k8 PROGRAMMER=cpy2remed flash
```

> @note This PROGRAMMER was tested using ST-LINK firmware 2.37.26. Firmware update
> s
> could be found on [this STM webpage](https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/sts
> w-link007.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@note This PROGRAMMER was tested using ST-LINK firmware 2.37.26. Firmware updates
      can be found on [this STM webpage](https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stsw-link007.html).
```
